BTS member JIN donated 100 million won to Korea University Hospital
to help patients with intractable diseases in developing countries.
JIN said he hopes that this small act of kindness will bring
some hope to those suffering without access to medical care.
He also expressed his desire to participate with
his global fans in helping to save more lives.
JIN's donation will be used for a project that provides treatment for patients in developing
countries who are suffering from economic difficulties and lack of medical services.
Actors Jang Ki-yong and Ahn Eun-jin have announced their
romantic chemistry in the new SBS drama 'Kissing for Nothing'.
'Kissing for Nothing' is a romance drama about a single woman who disguises
herself as a mother and gets a job, and the boss who falls in love with her.
Jang Ki-young will play the role of
Gong Ji-hyeok, the chaebol team leader.
He is a character who perfectly handles all matters with his sharp
mind and cool judgment, but is restless because of one woman.
Ahn Eun-jin took on the role of Go Da-rim, who had no interest other than
becoming a regular employee, but whose heart wavers because of Gong Ji-hyeok.
BTS member Jimin has been nominated in 4 categories for
the upcoming iHeartRadio Music Awards in the US in March.
Jimin has been nominated for this year's K-POP Artist and Best Lyrics categories,
as well as the Favorite On Screen for his travel video with member Junkook.
Blackpink's Rosé has been nominated for Best Music
Video for her hit collaboration with Bruno Mars.
Lisa's Rockstar has also been
nominated in the same category.
The members of the girl group NewJentle have launched a new name
contest and stated that they will never return to the agency 'ADOR'.
'ADOR' has responded that this
is a serious breach of contract.
The members posted a notice on their new SNS account asking fans
to suggest new activity names to be used for a certain period,
and it quickly garnered over 10,000 comments, drawing great interest from fans.
The members also emphasized in a separate statement that they
have absolutely no intention of returning to HYBE and ADOR.
The company allegedly told us to come back while continuously
harassing us in places out of public view,
and recently attempted to coerce or divide the members by secretly meeting with their parents.
ADOR warned that members attempting independent activities before legal
judgment on the new activity name contest is a serious breach of contract.
Actors Seon-gu Son and Hee-seo Choi will make their
Hollywood debut through an American independent film.
Recently, American media outlet Variety reported that
the two will appear in the independent film Bedford Park.
Bedford Park is a story about a Korean-American
woman and a former professional wrestler.
It aims to start production in New Jersey
this spring and target a release next year.
The voices of the group Seventeen resounded
at a fashion show in Paris, France.
The members of Seventeen, K-pop idols, received attention for singing the
new song by Pharrell Williams, a pop star and men's fashion design director.
On the 21st local time, a fashion
show of a luxury brand was held in Paris.
During the show, the song "Bad Influence" created by Pharrell Williams, who is the
creative director of this brand, and sung by the members of Seventeen, was played.
9 members including Seungkwan and Hoshi participated in the song, and they delivered the
song in a fresh and unique style, leaving a strong impression on the fashion industry.
The members said they were happy and honored to
collaborate with Pharrell Williams and enjoyed the process.
Pharrell Williams is a singer who has won 13 Grammy Awards in
the US, and is also well-known in Korea for his hit song "Happy".
Groups like Seventeen have donated their stage outfits and
accessories to the Grammy Awards charitable auction in the US.
Seventeen, Tomorrow X Together, and NewJeans have donated their stage outfits to MusiCares,
the charitable organization under the Recording Academy that runs the Grammy Awards.
MusiCares is an organization that sponsors various programs,
including a charitable auction, before the Grammy Awards ceremony.
Seventeen donated the clothes and accessories they wore during the music video shooting
for the track 'Seventeen is the Light Here' from their album released in April last year.
Tomorrow X Together donated the costumes they wore for their mini-album concept photos,
and NewJus donated the outfits they wore at the Billboard and We1 Music Awards last year.
Previously, BTS had donated the costumes from their 'Dynamite' music video
and their 2021 Grammy Awards stage performance to this charity auction.
Minnie from the girl group (G)I-DLE
has made her debut as a solo artist.
Minni introduced the story she wrote while watching her own image from the perspective
of a third party about her first mini-album, HER, which was released yesterday.
She also explained that the album is like a
diary containing her past and the present story.
Minni said she has been working
on solo songs for 4 to 5 years.
She put a lot of effort into participating in the writing or composing of all the tracks, as
she had a strong desire to be involved as much as possible if she were to release a solo album.
Park's new film, "No Other Choice" has recently
completed filming and entered the post-production stage.
Director Park said he would make a film
that all participants would find rewarding.
It is a story about Mansu, who was living a satisfactory life but had to be
re-employed after being fired in order to protect his wife Miri and their two children.
It is based on a novel written by an American author, and they are
continuing post-production work with the goal of releasing it this year.
Director Park said he started writing
the screenplay for this film 17 years ago.
He expressed a deep sense of emotion, saying that he had finally
completed filming the work he had wanted to make for the longest time.
Mr. Lee Byung-hun, who played Jiyeon, exchanged ideas with Director
Park as if they were old friends, and expressed his expectations for the film.
Ms. Son Ye-jin also said that while watching the filming
process, she felt that a really wonderful work would be created.
The group GOT7, whose members had been active individually,
came together again after 3 years with their new album "Winter Hexagon".
Winter Hexagon conveys the meaning that each member shines in their own
place, but the 7 members shine even brighter when they gather in the winter.
The title track "Python", which depicts the inescapable fate
with the other person, and a total of 9 tracks were included.
The members were each in charge of producing, and the members expressed
their pride in being able to convey their distinct colors through this album.
Director Bong Joon-ho's new work, starring Robert Pattinson,
the lead actor of Mickey Seventeen, has visited Korea.
Pattinson said that Mickey Seventeen is
a brave work by Director Bong Joon-ho.
Mickey Seventeen is a story about cloned humans
deployed to colonize an icy planet in space.
Pattinson played the protagonist Mickey, who is discarded and then
reborn as a clone human every time he dies during his mission.
He was inspired by and performed based on his pet companion who lacks confidence
and is somewhat stupid, and no matter how much he is taught, he does not improve.
Pattinson said that what was appealing to him was that
Director Bong did not lose the humor within the work.
He praised Director Bong's courageous work, stating that it is rare to see a light
and humorous scene in a film of such a grand scale in the science fiction genre.
Director Bong said that this film, like Parasite, the monster, and Snowpiercer, is a science
fiction film filled with the scent of humanity, and that it also contains political satire.